docs: add changelog 2.22.0 (#363)
bytebase/bytebase.com: content/changelog/bytebase-2-22-0.md

---
title: Bytebase 2.22.0
author: Ningjing
published_at: 2024/7/25 17:00:00
feature_image: /content/changelog/2-22-0-banner.webp
description: 'Support monitoring blocking sessions during PostgreSQL task execution.'
---

## 🚀 New Features

- Support monitoring blocking sessions during PostgreSQL task execution.
- Support auto-completion for Oracle.
- Support Kerberos authentication for Hive.

> - Sync extended property `MS_Descriptio`n on Table/Column as comment for SQL Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sync extended property `MS_Description` on Table/Column as comment for SQL Server.
```
